refactor: rewrite in typescript (#9)
vitorlops/Palavreco: README.md

![palavreco banner](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/935802603957272576/974041652740108378/unknown.png)

# Palavreco
Palavreco is a simple Portuguese Discord bot that simulates a [**Wordle**](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html) game in-app.<br>
It's very simple to play, just use the command **`/adivinhar`** and have fun! If you have any questions about the game, use the command **`/ajuda`**, that will give you some information about the game.

![game](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/935802603957272576/974032225446289449/unknown.png)

## Getting started
You just need to invite Palavreco by using [**this link**](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=935291567038672906&permissions=273408&scope=bot%20applications.commands) to your server and everything should be ready to use! 😃<br>

> Note that we use [**slash commands**](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/application-commands#slash-commands), so you need to use the **`/`** prefix to use the commands.

Reviewer: I think it's better to refer to the blog, since this README looks targeted to users.

```suggestion
Note that we use [**slash commands**](https://discord.com/blog/slash-commands-are-here), so you need to use the **`/`** prefix to use the commands.
```
